Welcome to Shopping Cart
Read this in other languages: English, Português do Brasil.
欢迎来到购物车
用其他语言阅读:英语，Português do Brasil。

This is where you can start to get familiar with the problem and what you need to run it. This codebase is used during pairing session for JOI initiative. It's focused on identifying code smells, refactoring and testing legacy codebase while promoting conversations.
在这里，您可以开始熟悉问题以及运行它所需的内容。此代码库用于JOI计划的配对会话。它专注于识别代码气味，重构和测试遗留代码库，同时促进对话。

Problem Statement
We have an existing shopping cart application, with a small set of eCommerce/shopping cart rules. Rules include calculation of total price, discount and loyalty points calculation. Most of the business logic is implemented in single method ShoppingCart.checkout.
问题陈述
我们有一个现有的购物车应用程序，包含一组电子商务/购物车规则。规则包括总价的计算，折扣和忠诚度积分的计算。大多数业务逻辑都是用单个方法ShoppingCart.checkout实现的。

Technology used
Java
Gradle - build tool
JUnit - unit testing framework
技术的使用
Java
Gradle -构建工具
单元测试框架

Before the interview
Get familiar with the codebase! Make sure you have the necessary dependencies installed, and that you are able to run the tests.
在面试前
熟悉代码库!确保您已经安装了必要的依赖项，并且能够运行测试。

What you need to run it
你需要什么来运行它

Java 1.8

Build

./gradlew clean build

Run Tests

./gradlew test

Run the Sample Application
To understand how this library would be used you can check the main method in the SampleApp class. If you want to see the results, run:

./gradlew run

Existing Business Rules
Application code currently has following rules:

Calculates total price and total loyalty points earned by the customer.
Products with product code starting with DIS_10 have a 10% discount applied.
Products with product code starting with DIS_15 have a 15% discount applied.
Loyalty points are earned more when the product is not under any offer.
Customer earns 1 point on every $5 purchase.
Customer earns 1 point on every $10 spent on a product with 10% discount.
Customer earns 1 point on every $15 spent on a product with 15% discount.

现有的业务规则
应用程序代码目前有以下规则:

计算客户获得的总价格和总忠诚点数。
产品代码以DIS_10开头的产品有10%的折扣。
产品代码以DIS_15开头的产品有15%的折扣。
当产品不提供任何优惠时，忠诚度积分会更高。
顾客每购买5美元可获得1分。
顾客在产品上每花10美元就有10%的折扣。
顾客每花15美元购买15%折扣的产品就能获得1分。